README.markdown, before:

﻿Snudown
=======

`Snudown` is a reddit-specific fork of the [Sundown](http://github.com/tanoku/sundown)
Markdown parser used by GitHub, with Python integration added.

THis particular fork is for Uppit.us and anyone else who needs a 
copy of Snudown with IPv6 link parsing, since the code to do so 
is unlikely to be merged into reddit/snudown. For more info on 
this [check out the pull request for it](https://github.com/reddit/snudown/pull/41).


Install
-------

Run `setup.py install` to install the module.


Thanks
------

Many thanks to @tanoku for implementing the initial version of this fork!


License
-------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added thanks & reworked phrasing & sentence structure a bit

README.markdown, after:

﻿Snudown
=======

`Snudown` is a reddit-specific fork of the [Sundown](http://github.com/tanoku/sundown)
Markdown parser used by GitHub, with Python integration added.

This particular fork was created for Uppit.us, and additionally 
is available to anyone else who needs a copy of Snudown with 
IPv6 link parsing, since the code to do so is unlikely to be 
merged into reddit/snudown. 

For more info on this [check out the pull request](https://github.com/reddit/snudown/pull/41) that would 
add this to reddit's snudown repository.


Install
-------

Run `setup.py install` to install the module.


Thanks
------

Many thanks to @tanoku for implementing the initial version of this fork!
Also, thanks for working on IPv6 parsing support @cyisfor & @user!


License
-------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
